---
priority: 0.6
title: Hailo
excerpt: Founding engineer / Director of Technology
categories: experience jobs
options: [minihead]
icon: hailo.png

tags:
  - Senior Management
  - Team Building and Leadership
  - Java
  - MySQL
  - Golang
  - RabbitMQ
  - AWS
  - Microservices
  - C++
---

##### October 2010 to March 2017, London UK

#### Project

> The evolution of hailing: Hailo was one of the first taxi apps in the market (2011), and of the first early success in 
what was to become a booming industry. After 20+ million taxi journeys, in 13 cities and 3 continents, Hailo merged with mytaxi to form Europe's largest e-hailing company.

#### Summary

In more than six years with Hailo I went from the highs of creating a system that booked 20 million taxi journeys, to the lows of restructuring teams and letting people go. 
- Hailo did not exist officially and I was already locked in a hotel room in NYC, writing the code that would serve as its first back-end. The "magic" that happened when a taxi could be summoned to your door was my first contribution to the new company. 
- From our beginning, on a boat on the river Thames, it all grew as a work of love, of extreme dedication, of writing code anywhere/anytime, of treating sleep as optional, well below any production bug on our priority list. 
- While busy transforming Hailo into a player on the e-hailing space, helping the company raise over $100 million, I was transforming myself into one of the leaders of the organisation. Hard work and passion brought me respect of my peers, and allowed me to change gears, not replacing the dedication and development of before, but just adding another dimension to the role. 
- As Director of Technology I contributed to the successful refocus of the company. Hailo become more commercially oriented, while keeping our strong growth and regaining our leading position in London. I helped the organisation navigate through turbulent waters, and to successfully merge with mytaxi.
